.\" Manpage for Area project
.\" Contact: Henry Letellier <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail.com>.
.TH AREA "EPITECH" 6 "September 2024" "Version 1.0" "Area Manual"
.PP
.SH NAME
AREA \- Welcome to Area!
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.BI Area\ \t\t\ \ \ \ -\ \fR https://pingpal\&.news/
.BI Area\ documentation\ -\ \fR https://ifttt-area\&.pingpal\&.news/
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
.BI \fRThe\ Area\ project\ is\ directly\ inspired\ by\ the\ ifttt\ (https://ifttt\&.com)\ project.
.BI\ \fRThis\ project\ aims\ to\ automate\ everyday\ actions\ through\ various\ APIs\ and\ sequences\ of\ events\ that\ are\ defined\ by\ the\ user.
.BI \fR
.BI \fRThe\ project\ consists\ of\ five\ major\ services:
.IP \[bu]
Website (https://pingpal\&.news/):
.BI \fR\tThis\ service\ is\ the\ one\ in\ charge\ of\ providing\ the\ user\ with\ an\ intuitive\ interface\ regardless\ of\ the\ device\ it\ is\ being\ accessed\ on.
.BI \fR\tThis\ service\ is\ also\ the\ one\ that\ will\ allow\ the\ user\ to\ download\ it's\ mobile\ equivalent.
.IP \[bu]
Mobile application (Available at https://pingpal\&.news/):
.BI \fR\tThe\ mobile\ application\ aims\ to\ provide\ a\ way\ to\ remain\ intergrated\ in\ the\ user's\ life\ in\ a\ more\ stable\ way\ so\ that\ the\ user\ doesn't\ have\ to\ fear\ about\ missing\ out\ on\ their\ flows.
.IP \[bu]
Server (https://ifttt-back\&.pingpal\&.news/):
.BI \fR\tThis\ service\ is\ the\ backbone\ of\ the\ project.
.BI \fR\tIt\ is\ the\ one\ that\ will\ handle\ all\ the\ traffic,\ the\ accounts\ and\ the\ flows.
.IP \[bu]
Database (Mariadb [this is internal to the Server]):
.BI \fR\tThe\ database\ is\ a\ core\ part\ of\ the\ server.
.BI \fR\tIt\ is\ the\ one\ that\ will\ store\ all\ the\ informations\ that\ the\ users\ provide\ as\ well\ as\ accounts,\ api's\ and\ flows.
.IP \[bu]
S3 bucket (Minion [this is internal to the Server]):
.BI \fR\tThe\ S3\ bucket\ is\ a\ locally\ deployed\ service\ that\ aims\ to\ store\ the\ data\ that\ the\ database\ could\ not.
.BI \fR\tThe\ S3\ bucket\ will\ store\ files\ that\ are\ required\ to\ be\ accessed\ by\ the\ website\ and\ app.
.PP
.BI \fRThe\ Area\ project\ offers\ an\ interesting\ yet\ challenging\ project\ that\ can\ be\ used\ in\ our\ everyday\ life.
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Written by (c) Henry Letellier.
.PP
.SH DEVELOPERS
.nf
.B (c)\ Harleen\ Singh-Kaur
.B (c)\ Eric\ Xu
.B (c)\ Flavien\ Maillard
.B (c)\ Thomas\ Lebouc
.B (c)\ Henry\ Letellier
.fi
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
.BI \fRThis\ is\ a\ project\ that\ was\ created\ during\ our\ third\ year\ at\ Epitech.
.BI \fRThus,\ feel\ free\ to\ use\ this\ project,\ but\ you\ cannot\ edit,\ sel\ or\ re-sel\ it.
.fi
.PP
.SH BUGS
.nf
.BI \fRPlease\ report\ any\ bugs\ to\ <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail\&.com>.
.BI \fRAlthough,\ there\ is\ absolutely\ no\ guaranty\ that\ it\ will\ be\ fixed.
.BI \fRAnother\ way\ would\ be\ to\ open\ an\ issue\ on\ the\ github\ project,\ see\ "PROJECT\ RESSOURCES"\ for\ more\ details.
.fi
.PP
.SH NOTES
.nf
.BI \fIThis\ man\ page\ is\ for\ informational\ purposes\ only.
.BI \fRYou\ can\ also\ find\ links\ concerning\ the\ project\ in\ "PROJECT\ RESSOURCES"
.fi
.PP
.SH PROJECT RESSOURCES
.nf
.\" .BI\fRWebsite:\ https://pingpal\&.news/
.BI \fRSource\ code\ (Github):\ https://github\&.com/bazar-de-komi/terarea
.BI \fRDocumentation:\ https://iftt-area\&.pingpal\&.news/
.fi
.PP
.SH DISCLAIMER
.PP
This software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Use at your own risk.
.PP
.SH VERSION
1.0
.PP
.SH DATE
September 2024
.PP
.SH SUB-PAGE DOXY DUMP [${FILE_COUNT} file(s)] (very crude for now)
