.\" Manpage for zappy project
.\" Contact: Henry Letellier\ <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail.com>.
.TH ZAPPY "ZAPPY_GUI EPITECH" 1 "May 2024" "Version 1.0" "Zappy Manual \- ZAPPY_GUI"
.SH NAME
.PP
.NAME
.BI \fBzappy_gui\ \-\ graphical\ client\ to\ watch\ the\ inhabitants'\ world
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.BI \fB\,zappy_gui\  \t\fR\fI\,\-help\fR\ |\ \fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport\ \fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.fi
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
.BI \fRzappy_gui\ is\ a\ graphical\ client\ used\ to\ visualize\ the\ state\ of\ the\ inhabitants'\ world\ and\ the\ actions\ occurring\ within\ it.
.PP
.fi
.SH OPTIONS
.nf
.BI \fR\-p\ PORT
.BI \fR\tSpecifies\ the\ port\ number\ to\ connect\ to.
.PP
.BI \fR\-h\ HOST
.BI \fR\tSpecifies\ the\ hostname\ of\ the\ machine\ to\ connect\ to.
.fi
.PP
.SH USAGE
.nf
.BI \fRExample\ usage:
.BI \fRIn\ this\ example\ the\ 4\ lines\ need\ to\ be\ run\ one\ after\ the\ other\ (we\ are\ in\ a\ linux/mac\ environment).
.BI \fR\t./zappy_ai\ \-p\ 4242\ \-n\ team1\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_ai\ \-p\ 4243\ \-n\ team2\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_server\ \-p\ 4244\ \-x\ 100\ \-y\ 100\ \-n\ team1\ team2\ \-c\ 10\ \-f\ 100\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_gui\ \-p\ 4245\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.fi
.PP
.SH REPORTING BUGS
.BI \fRReport\ bugs\ to\ <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail\&.com>.
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
.BI \fRThis\ is\ a\ project\ that\ was\ created\ during\ our\ second\ year\ at\ Epitech.
.BI \fRThus,\ feel\ free\ to\ use\ this\ project,\ but\ you\ cannot\ edit,\ sel\ or\ re-sel\ it.
.fi
.PP
.SH PROJECT RESSOURCES
.nf
.\" .BI\fRWebsite:\ https://zappy\&.pingpal\&.news/
.BI \fRSource\ code\ (Github):\ https://github\&.com/Hanra-s-work/my_zappy/
.BI \fRDocumentation:\ https://zappy\&.pingpal\&.news/
.fi
.PP
.SH DISCLAIMER
.PP
This software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Use at your own risk.
.PP
.SH VERSION
1.0
.PP
.SH DATE
May 2024
.SH AUTHOR
Written by (c) Henry Letellier.
.PP
.SH DEVELOPERS
.nf
.B (c)\ Harleen\ Singh-Kaur
.B (c)\ Eric\ Xu
.B (c)\ Victor\ Yvon
.B (c)\ Thomas\ Lebouc
.B (c)\ Henry\ Letellier
.fi
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.nf
.BI zappy(6),\ zappy_server(1),\ zappy_ai(1)
.fi

