.\" Manpage for zappy project
.\" Contact: Henry Letellier <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail.com>.
.TH ZAPPY "EPITECH" 6 "May 2024" "Version 1.0" "Zappy Manual"
.PP
.SH NAME
Zappy \- Welcome to Zappy!
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.BI \fB\,zappy_ai\ \ \t\fR\fI\,\-help\fR\ |\ \fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport\fR\ \fR\fI\,\-n\ \fRname\fR\ \fR\fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.BI \fB\,zappy_gui\  \t\fR\fI\,\-help\fR\ |\ \fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport\ \fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.BI \fB\,zappy_server\t\fR\fI\,\-help\fR\ |\ \fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport\ \fR\fI\,\fR\fI\,\-x\ \fRwidth\ \fI\,\-y\ \fRheight\ \fI\,\-n\ \fRname1\ name2\ ...\ \fI\,\-c\ \fRclientsNb\ \fI\,\-f\ \fRfrequency
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
.BI \fRThe\ Zappy\ project\ is\ a\ multiplayer\ simulation\ game\ where\ players\ inhabit\ a\ virtual\ world\ and\ interact\ with\ each\ other\ and\ their\ environment.
.BI \fRThe\ game\ environment\ is\ generated\ by\ a\ server,\ and\ players\ can\ join\ teams\ to\ compete\ or\ cooperate\ in\ various\ challenges.
.BI \fR
.BI \fRThe\ project\ consists\ of\ three\ main\ components:
.IP \[bu]
Server (zappy_server):
.BI \fR\tThis\ component\ generates\ the\ virtual\ world\ where\ players\ reside.\
.BI \fR\tIt\ manages\ the\ game\ state,\ including\ the\ terrain,\ resources,\ and\ entities.
.BI \fR\tThe\ server\ listens\ for\ connections\ from\ clients\ and\ handles\ their\ interactions\ within\ the\ world.
.IP \[bu]
Graphical Client (zappy_gui):
.BI \fR\tRThe\ graphical\ client\ provides\ a\ visual\ representation\ of\ the\ game\ world.
.BI \fR\tRPlayers\ can\ observe\ the\ state\ of\ the\ environment,\ including\ the\ movements\ of\ entities\ and\ the\ distribution\ of\ resources.
.BI \fR\tRIt\ enhances\ the\ gaming\ experience\ by\ offering\ real-time\ updates\ and\ immersive\ graphics.
.IP \[bu]
AI Client (zappy_ai):
.BI \fR\tThe\ AI\ client\ allows\ players\ to\ control\ virtual\ inhabitants\ within\ the\ game\ world.
.BI \fR\tPlayers\ can\ develop\ strategies\ and\ algorithms\ to\ navigate\ the\ environment,\ gather\ resources,\ and\ interact\ with\ other\ players.
.BI \fR\tPThe\ AI\ client\ communicates\ with\ the\ server\ to\ execute\ commands\ and\ receive\ updates\ on\ the\ game\ state.
.PP
.BI \fRThe\ Zappy\ project\ offers\ an\ engaging\ and\ collaborative\ gaming\ experience,\ where\ players\ can\ explore,\ strategize,\ and\ compete\ in\ a\ dynamic\ virtual\ world.
.fi
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.nf
.PP
.BI\,zappy_ai:\fR
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-help
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ will\ display\ the\ help\ for\ this\ binary\ and\ then\ exit.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ port\ on\ which\ the\ binary\ will\ communicate\ with\ the\ two\ other\ binaries.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-n\ \fRname
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ name\ that\ will\ be\ given\ the\ AI\ process.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ ip\ on\ which\ the\ \fBAI\fR\ is\ to\ talk.\ (default:\ localhost\ [i.e:\ 127.0.0.1])
.PP
.BI\,zappy_gui:\fR
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-help
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ will\ display\ the\ help\ for\ this\ binary\ and\ then\ exit.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ port\ on\ which\ the\ binary\ will\ communicate\ with\ the\ two\ other\ binaries.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-h\ \fRmachine
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ ip\ on\ which\ the\ \fBGUI\fR\ is\ to\ talk.\ (default:\ localhost\ [i.e:\ 127.0.0.1])
.PP
.BI\,zappy_server:\fR
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-help
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ will\ display\ the\ help\ for\ this\ binary\ and\ then\ exit.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ port\ on\ which\ the\ binary\ will\ communicate\ with\ the\ two\ other\ binaries.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-x\ \fRwidth
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ \fBwidth\fR\ of\ the\ world.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-y\ \fRheight
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ \fBheight\fR\ of\ the\ world.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-n\ \fRname1\ name2\ ...
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ name(s)\ of\ the\ team(s)\ that\ will\ play.
.BI\t\t\t\fRMultiple\ team\ names\ should\ be\ separated\ by\ spaces.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-c\ \fRclientsNb
.BI\t\t\t\fRThis\ flag\ specifies\ the\ maximum\ number\ of\ clients\ that\ are\ allowed\ to\ play.
.BI\t\t\fR\fI\,\-f\ \fRfrequency
.BI\t\t\t\fRSpecifies\ the\ number\ of\ actions\ per\ time\ unit.
.BI\t\t\t\fRA\ higher\ frequency\ means\ actions\ happen\ faster.
.fi
.PP
.SH USAGE
.nf
.BI \fRExample\ usage:
.BI \fRIn\ this\ example\ the\ 4\ lines\ need\ to\ be\ run\ one\ after\ the\ other\ (we\ are\ in\ a\ linux/mac\ environment).
.BI \fR\t./zappy_ai\ \-p\ 4242\ \-n\ team1\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_ai\ \-p\ 4243\ \-n\ team2\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_server\ \-p\ 4244\ \-x\ 100\ \-y\ 100\ \-n\ team1\ team2\ \-c\ 10\ \-f\ 100\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_gui\ \-p\ 4245\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.PP
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.nf
.BI zappy_ai(1),\ zappy_gui(1),\ zappy_server(1)
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Written by (c) Henry Letellier.
.PP
.SH DEVELOPERS
.nf
.B (c)\ Harleen\ Singh-Kaur
.B (c)\ Eric\ Xu
.B (c)\ Victor\ Yvon
.B (c)\ Thomas\ Lebouc
.B (c)\ Henry\ Letellier
.fi
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
.BI \fRThis\ is\ a\ project\ that\ was\ created\ during\ our\ second\ year\ at\ Epitech.
.BI \fRThus,\ feel\ free\ to\ use\ this\ project,\ but\ you\ cannot\ edit,\ sel\ or\ re-sel\ it.
.fi
.PP
.SH BUGS
.nf
.BI \fRPlease\ report\ any\ bugs\ to\ <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail\&.com>.
.BI \fRAlthough,\ there\ is\ absolutely\ no\ guaranty\ that\ it\ will\ be\ fixed.
.BI \fRAnother\ way\ would\ be\ to\ open\ an\ issue\ on\ the\ github\ project,\ see\ "PROJECT\ RESSOURCES"\ for\ more\ details.
.fi
.PP
.SH NOTES
.nf
.BI \fIThis\ man\ page\ is\ for\ informational\ purposes\ only.
.BI \fRFor\ detailed\ usage\ instructions,\ please\ refer\ to\ the\ specific\ manual\ pages\ listed\ under\ "SEE\ ALSO".
.BI \fRYou\ can\ also\ find\ links\ concerning\ the\ project\ in\ "PROJECT\ RESSOURCES"
.fi
.PP
.SH PROJECT RESSOURCES
.nf
.\" .BI\fRWebsite:\ https://zappy\&.pingpal\&.news/
.BI \fRSource\ code\ (Github):\ https://github\&.com/Hanra-s-work/my_zappy/
.BI \fRDocumentation:\ https://zappy\&.pingpal\&.news/
.fi
.PP
.SH DISCLAIMER
.PP
This software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Use at your own risk.
.PP
.SH VERSION
1.0
.PP
.SH DATE
May 2024
.PP
.SH SUB-PAGE DOXY DUMP [${FILE_COUNT} file(s)] (very crude for now)
