.\" Manpage for zappy project
.\" Contact: Henry Letellier\ <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail.com>.
.TH ZAPPY "ZAPPY_SERVER EPITECH" 1 "May 2024" "Version 1.0" "Zappy Manual \- ZAPPY_GUI"
.SH NAME
.BI\ \fBzappy_server\ \-\ generate\ the\ inhabitants’\ world
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI \fB\,zappy_server\t\fR\fI\,\-help\fR\ |\ \fR\fI\,\-p\ \fRport\ \fR\fI\,\fR\fI\,\-x\ \fRwidth\ \fI\,\-y\ \fRheight\ \fI\,\-n\ \fRname1\ name2\ ...\ \fI\,\-c\ \fRclientsNb\ \fI\,\-f\ \fRfrequency
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BI \fRzappy_server\ generates\ a\ world\ for\ inhabitants\ to\ live\ in\ and\ interact.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.BI \fR\-p\ PORT
.BI \fR\tSpecifies\ the\ port\ number\ on\ which\ the\ server\ listens.
.PP
.BI \fR\-x\ WIDTH
.BI \fR\tSpecifies\ the\ width\ of\ the\ world.
.PP
.BI \fR\-y\ HEIGHT
.BI \fR\tSpecifies\ the\ height\ of\ the\ world.
.PP
.BI \fR\-n\ TEAM_NAMES
.BI \fR\tSpecifies\ the\ names\ of\ the\ teams.\ Multiple\ team\ names\ should\ be\ separated\ by\ spaces.
.PP
.BI \fR\-c\ CLIENTS_NUMBER
.BI \fR\tSpecifies\ the\ number\ of\ authorized\ clients\ per\ team.
.PP
.BI \fR\-f\ FREQUENCY
.BI \fR\tSpecifies\ the\ reciprocal\ of\ the\ time\ unit\ for\ the\ execution\ of\ actions.
.PP
.SH USAGE
.nf
.BI \fRExample\ usage:
.BI \fRIn\ this\ example\ the\ 4\ lines\ need\ to\ be\ run\ one\ after\ the\ other\ (we\ are\ in\ a\ linux/mac\ environment).
.BI \fR\t./zappy_ai\ \-p\ 4242\ \-n\ team1\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_ai\ \-p\ 4243\ \-n\ team2\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_server\ \-p\ 4244\ \-x\ 100\ \-y\ 100\ \-n\ team1\ team2\ \-c\ 10\ \-f\ 100\ &
.BI \fR\t./zappy_gui\ \-p\ 4245\ \-h\ localhost\ &
.PP
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Written by (c) Henry Letellier.
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
.BI \fRThis\ is\ a\ project\ that\ was\ created\ during\ our\ second\ year\ at\ Epitech.
.BI \fRThus,\ feel\ free\ to\ use\ this\ project,\ but\ you\ cannot\ edit,\ sel\ or\ re-sel\ it.
.fi
.PP
.SH BUGS
.nf
.BI \fRPlease\ report\ any\ bugs\ to\ <henrysoftwarehouse@protonmail\&.com>.
.BI \fRAlthough,\ there\ is\ absolutely\ no\ guaranty\ that\ it\ will\ be\ fixed.
.BI \fRAnother\ way\ would\ be\ to\ open\ an\ issue\ on\ the\ github\ project,\ see\ "PROJECT\ RESSOURCES"\ for\ more\ details.
.fi
.PP
.SH NOTES
.nf
.BI \fIThis\ man\ page\ is\ for\ informational\ purposes\ only.
.BI \fRFor\ detailed\ usage\ instructions,\ please\ refer\ to\ the\ specific\ manual\ pages\ listed\ under\ "SEE\ ALSO".
.BI \fRYou\ can\ also\ find\ links\ concerning\ the\ project\ in\ "PROJECT\ RESSOURCES"
.fi
.PP
.SH PROJECT RESSOURCES
.nf
.\" .BI\fRWebsite:\ https://zappy\&.pingpal\&.news/
.BI \fRSource\ code\ (Github):\ https://github\&.com/Hanra-s-work/my_zappy/
.BI \fRDocumentation:\ https://zappy\&.pingpal\&.news/
.fi
.PP
.SH DISCLAIMER
.PP
This software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Use at your own risk.
.PP
.SH VERSION
1.0
.PP
.SH DATE
May 2024
.PP
.SH DEVELOPERS
.nf
.B (c)\ Harleen\ Singh-Kaur
.B (c)\ Eric\ Xu
.B (c)\ Victor\ Yvon
.B (c)\ Thomas\ Lebouc
.B (c)\ Henry\ Letellier
.fi
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.nf
.BI zappy(6),\ zappy_ai(1),\ zappy_gui(1)
.fi
