{\*\EPITECH PROJECT, 2024
\*\Area
\*\File description:
\*\stylesheet.rtf}

{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par

\par \b\fs28 Area - By EPITECH \b0\fs22\par
\par \b\fs24 Author: Harleen Singh-Kaur, Eric Xu, Flavien Maillard, Thomas Lebouc, Henry Letellier \b0\fs22\par
\par \b\fs24 Date: from September 16th to November 3, 2024 \b0\fs22\par
\par

\par \fs24\ul Project ressources\ulnone \fs22\par
\par \b\fs24 Project website: {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pingpal.news/"}{\fldrslt pingpal.news}}\par
\par \b\fs24 Project repository: {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://github.com/bazar-de-komi/terarea"}{\fldrslt Bazzar de komi - terarea (Github)}}\par
{\*\par \b\fs24 Project documentation: {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://ifttt-area.pingpal.news/"}{\fldrslt ifttt-area.pingpal.news}}\par}

\par \fs24\ul Introduction\ulnone \fs22\par
The Area project is a full stack consisting of a website and a mobile application.\par
The technologies used to create the project cannot be re-used in 2 different sections of the project.\par
This means that the website and the mobile app must be developed using 2 different technologies.\par
This also means that the server cannot use a technology used by the front (web, mobile).\par

\par \fs24\ul Implementation\ulnone \fs22\par
This is a very challenging project because it asks us to rely on what we have learned the survivor seminar as well as our personnal knowledge and research.\par
Never the less, we hope you will enjoy the project and hopfully integrate it in your life.\par 

\par \fs24\ul Conclusion\ulnone \fs22\par
Overall We hope you will like the project and it's outcome.\par
The ideas that made this project possible are all thanks to EPITECH (epitech.eu) who asked us to create such an interesting program, thus the base idea belongs to them.\par
}
